hello fellow youtubers and today I'm
going to be showing you a new mold I
made this is my second mod in Minecraft
and the first mod I've ever made that
includes my own sounds this is pretty
cool actually is really good well that's
what people online have been saying and
what we're doing in here it's this
bloody cave sounds anyways this mod is
called the ocarina of time mod it's a
mode where you can play your favorite
Ocarina of Time songs in Minecraft now
the Ocarina of Time doesn't really do
anything apart from basically just play
songs but it's quite amusing and it's
not very expensive oh I'll show you how
to do this these new textures are made
by what's his name hold on made by Mel
strew home and we pronounce it yeah it's
pretty cool he built these new textures
check them out in the description now
time to show you the basics how to make
the ocarina of time you just got some
lapis lazuli locks and you just place it
in this order and you get your own doo
doo doo you gotta sell or renew of time
and when you play the ocarina of time it
plays like this strange pay a damn song
that's better but as you can see the
Aqua we know when you play it the wrong
way around but if you look at yourself
it's the right way around if you look at
yourself like this to change this what
we want to do is put your kin no time in
a crafting wherever you like to flip it
over and when you play the flipped over
one you can see that the ocarina you is
actually facing the right way but
unfortunately it doesn't face the right
way when you look at yourself partners
do this weather just looks ridiculous so
yeah you can flip it to make it look
like in first-person view your plan at
the right way and there's a list of
songs that your queen of time can play
hold on let me try to remember these
they're Zelda's Lullaby there's serious
song there's a poner song there's song
of storms as son songs song of time and
in the module and also in Majora's Mask
there's just again song of time but it
doesn't play it twice there there's sort
of time like indoors mask as oath to
order there's a commanding vow and
there's
song of soaring inverted song of time
song them yeah just all the Ocarina of
Time songs you can think of apart from
the warp songs in Ocarina of Time
although your favorite Ocarina of Time
songs from your favorite Zeldin phone
cell favorite Zelda games for the
Nintendo 64 it's all there in this offer
Yuna now hopefully in the future I'll
change it so that the ocular time has a
purpose say like if you play some storms
it toggles rain or play some song it
will shift the day or something like
that so yeah I've got that in mind but
unfortunately i'm i'm not that good in
modern right right now so yeah so if
anybody would like to help me on any of
my modding things or if it over to check
out my forms on minecraft forums links
in the description and basically just
install this mod and play your favor up
in the time songs
I don't know
thanks for watching goodbye see you next
time pretty much